Selenium doesn't need MCP (#2558)
SeleniumHQ/seleniumhq.github.io: website_and_docs/content/blog/2025/why-selenium-doesnt-need-mcp.md

---

> title: Why Selenium Doesn't Need MCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Selenium Doesn't Need MCP
```

> linkTitle: Why Selenium Doesn't Need MCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: Selenium Doesn't Need MCP
```

date: 2025-12-19
tags: ["selenium", "mcp"]
categories: ["technical"]
author: Alex Rodionov ([@p0deje](https://twitter.com/p0deje))
description: >

>    Selenium project stance on whether it should have an official MCP server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Technical explanation of why we won't create an official MCP Server
```

It is a fair question. The industry is rapidly standardizing on MCP to connect AI agents with external tools. Given that Selenium is the de facto standard for browser automation, it seems like a logical next step for us to provide a native interface for Claude, Cursor, and other agents to "drive" the web.

However, at this point, we have decided that baking MCP directly into the Selenium core is not the right path. This isn't because we are skeptical of AI - far from it. It is because the specific constraints of Large Language Models make a native, low-level driver implementation inefficient and potentially harmful to agent performance.

## Naive Implementation

At its heart, Selenium is a **browser automation tool**. Our job is to provide a robust, W3C-standard protocol to control a browser. MCP, on the other hand, is an **agentic interface**.

The most common request we see is for a simple MCP server that exposes our API - `find_element`, `click`, `get_page_source` - as tools. While this sounds useful, in practice, it leads to immediate failure modes regarding _context window management_. 

> We can look at early adopters for evidence. The official GitHub MCP server provides a wide array of tools, which results in massive context consumption. Its initial implementation exposed 100+ tools that consumed 64,000 tokens. That’s before the agent does any work. This issue was [improved](https://github.com/github/github-mcp-server/discussions/1182) over time, but even today, the server still uses 30,000 tokens on load.

Reviewer: I don't have a good reference for the token values you've included. Is there a recommended limit for what this should be? 
This might be assuming the users know more than they do. Maybe highlight that these tokens are added to the context window for every call. 

Actually, can make this use case more relevant by framing it that people looking to use LLM clients for browser testing will want to also load the Jira MCP for logging bugs, and the GitHub MCP for raising issues or fixing test code.

Reviewer: Maybe pull the 200k tokens guideline link up to this paragraph, and reference the number again below.

Author: I've added a line saying that Opus 4.5 context window is 200k
